when we first got you know we became
best friends
I think the most important thing in
relationship be my best friend can come
to him okay he he's always there and I
know he always wanted I'm not good at
it's all you getting missing miss around
which understands this lady started her
life in paradise her parents placed her
middle name as part of that remember
they have curves your life together as
one cartoons because she was named
and you better always treat your
apprentice and young lady you better
treat him like a team because when we
start your life together you are still
like you but always I want to challenge
you is prepared announcer husband to
always start each day with this in handy
stay with the kiss and with each kiss
you even with a hug in the words of all
this as God is brought you two together
ain't no person on a pirate authority
invested in me by the wonderful and
great state of Texas it is my honor in
my princess ashley last chance
no you ain't gonna be the biggest boy I
now pronounce you husband and watch Oh
lick your lips you kiss your bride